[Music]
navigating the destruction is a
challenge for everyone in
Gaza Israel's bombardment has left
neighborhoods in Ruins and Roads
too so bikes have emerged as alternative
transport because of the massive
destruction caused by the Israelis roads
are no longer suitable for cars so bikes
are the number one means of Transport
it's easy and light to use needless to
say the majority of cars inside the Gaza
strip have been destroyed as well for
the cars still intact drivers cannot
find fuel with prices going through the
roof it's pushing many to
adapt we have been running this street
business for 4 days now I tried to do it
2 weeks ago but was besieged by the
Israelis most cars have been damaged and
if they're still running there is no
fuel at
all a liter of fuel which was for five
shekel is now for 50 if available what
can we do we are
helpless the crisis is further
Complicated by Israeli directives to
evacuate homes and shelters many have to
walk long distances but some are ready
to help others to move around more
easily I used to have a bike repair
Workshop but it was totally destroyed so
I restarted my business on this corner
there are no cars or fuel or even good
roads to drive on Gins are left with
their old bikes and motorbikes only I am
trying to serve my fellow Gins and lend
them a helping
hand as the people of Gaza try to
survive Israeli bombardment riding a
bike is being seen as a symbol of
resilience helping many to better
navigate their daily lives one push of a
pedal at a time Axel Z
aler make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from
jaer